What the hell is that?
Ray Baby
I introduce myself
I'd like to see it
What is it?
It's ice cream
How did the royal family get it?
Could it be the boss like that?
This baby?
febixun
Once the world
That must shock at home and abroad
Although he is just a modern artifact
Modern products
What modern products can be so valuable?
open
If only Chen Tieshi could see it
He'll drop his jaw.
It turned out to be a complete ice crack porcelain bowl
How is that possible?
This craft that has been missing for thousands of years has reappeared
Yes, this is the ice crack that has disappeared for thousands of years
I can't let this baby sink anymore
Simply auction today
Half the money from the auction goes to the royal family
I'll give half of it away.
God is careless
I 300 million
I give 500 million
I 1 billion
Let it go, let it go, we're going to be rich
Okay 1 billion bus
From Now On
You have the only weapon crack in the world
Hey, who said this is the only one?
It's ridiculous